[DO NOT MERGE] Boojum os DEV (#704)
matter-labs/anvil-zksync: docs/experimental-zksyncos.md

> # ZKsyncOS (experimental)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# ZKsync OS (experimental)
```

> ZKsyncOS is the new backend for proving. The features below are still experimental and might break without warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZKsync OS is the new backend for proving. The features below are still experimental and might break without warning.
```
